Add known limitations section to Home Connect (#37677)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/home_connect.markdown

| `device_id` | no | Id of a device associated with the home appliance. |
| `key` | no | Key of the setting. |
| `value` | no | Value of the setting. |

> ### Known limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known limitations
```

- The Home Connect API does not fully match the Home Connect app. Some programs, options, or settings available in the app may not be accessible or usable via the API.

> - This integration supports only one configuration entry, as the Home Connect API does not allow to uniquely identify an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Home Connect API does not fully match the Home Connect app. Some programs, options, or settings available in the app may not be accessible or usable via the API.
- This integration supports only one integration entry, as the Home Connect API does not allow for the unique identification of an account.
```
